examples/expense-mcp/README.md, before:

# Expense Tracker MCP Example

This example demonstrates how to use Cloudflare Workflows via an MCP Server to track and approve expenses, following the MCP server standard.

## Features

- Submit an expense (starts a workflow)
- Approve or reject an expense (triggers workflow event)
- List all expenses

## Running Locally

```sh
yarn install
cd examples/expense-mcp
yarn dev
# or: npx wrangler dev
```

## Using the MCP Inspector

1. Start your Worker as above.
2. In a new terminal, run:
   ```sh
   npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector
   ```
3. Open the Inspector at http://localhost:6274 (use the session token if prompted).
4. Set the transport to Streamable HTTP and enter your Worker URL: http://127.0.0.1:8787
5. You will see the following MCP tools:
   - `submitExpense`: Submit a new expense (input: user, amount, description)
   - `approveExpense`: Approve an expense (input: expenseId)
   - `rejectExpense`: Reject an expense (input: expenseId)
   - `listExpenses`: List all expenses (no input)

### Example Output

When you run `listExpenses`, you might see output like this:

```json
Found 3 expenses: [
  {
    "id": "3fee1c6e-1317-48b3-a5d4-7c22bfb5e7bb",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 3000,
    "description": "air ticket to Singapore",
    "status": "approved"
  },
  {
    "id": "3f60bc20-4afc-404c-b821-8448d5324bea",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 200,
    "description": "dinner",
    "status": "rejected"
  },
  {
    "id": "fee8bf1e-cc0b-40cd-be95-8a8eaabf178f",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 1000,
    "description": "hotel in singapore",
    "status": "pending"
  }
]
```

## Testing

### Known Issues with MCP SDK Testing

The `expense-mcp-client.test.ts` file encounters compatibility issues with the MCP SDK's `ajv` dependency in the Cloudflare Workers test environment. The error manifests as:

```
SyntaxError: Unexpected token ':' in ajv/lib/definition_schema.js
```

This occurs because Vitest with Miniflare cannot properly handle the CommonJS to ES modules conversion for the `ajv` library used by the MCP SDK for JSON schema validation.

### Workaround Solution

As a makeshift workaround, we've created `simple-unit.test.ts` that tests the core `ExpenseRepository` business logic directly without using the MCP SDK. This approach:

- Bypasses the `ajv` compatibility issues
- Tests the essential CRUD operations (create, list, get, updateStatus) 
- Provides meaningful unit test coverage for the repository layer
- Runs successfully with all 8 tests passing

To run the working tests:

```bash
yarn test simple-unit.test.ts
```

## Notes

- This example uses an in-memory store for simplicity. In production, use D1 or KV for persistence.
- The workflow logic is in `src/workflow.ts`.
- The MCP server and tools are in `src/server.ts` and `src/tools.ts`.

Commit message:

fix: remove playground-showcase from changeset ignore list (#74)

examples/expense-mcp/README.md, after:

# Expense Tracker MCP Example

This example demonstrates how to build an MCP Server for expense tracking with Cloudflare Workflows integration, following the MCP server standard.

## Features

- Submit an expense (with workflow integration in production)
- Approve or reject an expense
- List all expenses
- Full integration with MCP protocol and tools

## Running Locally

```sh
pnpm install
cd examples/expense-mcp
pnpm dev
# or: npx wrangler dev
```

## Using the MCP Inspector

1. Start your Worker as above.
2. In a new terminal, run:
   ```sh
   npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector
   ```
3. Open the Inspector at http://localhost:6274 (use the session token if prompted).
4. Set the transport to Streamable HTTP and enter your Worker URL: http://127.0.0.1:8787
5. You will see the following MCP tools:
   - `submitExpense`: Submit a new expense (input: user, amount, description)
   - `approveExpense`: Approve an expense (input: expenseId)
   - `rejectExpense`: Reject an expense (input: expenseId)
   - `listExpenses`: List all expenses (no input)

### Example Output

When you run `listExpenses`, you might see output like this:

```json
Found 3 expenses: [
  {
    "id": "3fee1c6e-1317-48b3-a5d4-7c22bfb5e7bb",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 3000,
    "description": "air ticket to Singapore",
    "status": "approved"
  },
  {
    "id": "3f60bc20-4afc-404c-b821-8448d5324bea",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 200,
    "description": "dinner",
    "status": "rejected"
  },
  {
    "id": "fee8bf1e-cc0b-40cd-be95-8a8eaabf178f",
    "user": "ray",
    "amount": 1000,
    "description": "hotel in singapore",
    "status": "pending"
  }
]
```

## Testing

Run the integration tests:

```bash
pnpm test
```

The test suite includes 8 comprehensive integration tests that verify:
- MCP client initialization and connection
- Server version compatibility  
- Expense submission, approval, and rejection
- Expense listing and querying
- Error handling for non-existent expenses

All tests complete successfully in ~1 second using the Cloudflare Workers test environment.

## Implementation Notes

- **Storage**: Uses an in-memory store for simplicity. In production, use D1 or KV for persistence.
- **Workflows**: Cloudflare Workflows integration is available in `src/workflow.ts` but disabled during testing to ensure clean test completion.
- **MCP Server**: Core server implementation in `src/server.ts` extends the base MCP Hono server.
- **Tools**: MCP tools for expense operations are defined in `src/tools.ts`.
- **Testing**: Uses the same proven patterns as `crud-mcp` for reliable integration testing.
